sup guys seriously ker here and today I
have another top 5 video you guys
requested a lot of these some and keep
them coming at least for the time being
unlike most of my lists this list is
going to start unorthodox and then I
think the end of the list will be in
keeping with you know what must you guys
agree with so number 5 I have the
Bordeaux's I love the black gray that
off purplish red color is great I know
this wouldn't be this alone most
people's list but I actually think there
are a lot of great color ways that
Jordan 7 I just like more like for
instance the flint grey Jordan sevens
again I'm sure a lot of people wouldn't
put this shoe as high but I really love
the purple accents the way the grey goes
with the white and it's almost like a
purplish gray I think it's really really
cool these are actually one of the first
Jordan sevens that I saw one of my
friends used to go to gym class and
these these were like his beaters and I
really really love the shoe to this day
kind of still want a pair great colorway
and not something you usually see on a
Jordan so that's why this is my forced
sloppy to my third slot I have the
chambray chambray whatever
Jordan sevens I think this is a really
strong come away as you guys know if
you've been a fan of my channel or if
you've watched any of my top 5 videos I
really like predominantly black shoes so
this was almost an instant classic for
me I love the gray accents and those
light blue Icee accents are really cool
again not something you see on most
Jordans and that's always something that
draws my eye in my second slot I have
what I think most people would put
pretty high up the wraptor sevens again
I love predominantly black shoes I just
think the way the purple pops against
the red on the shoe is really hard to
beat a great great colorway I've seen
these rocks really well with a lot of
really cool outfits which is one of my
problems with the Jordan 7 I have a
tough time rocking them but all together
a great shoe and I know a lot a lot of
people will agree with me on this but in
my first slot I have what is in my
opinion the best year in seven of all
time and that's the hair Jordan 7 I love
this colorway I'll start with the things
I kind of like about it I like the way
that the red pops off the white on the
midsole but most of all I
love the off-white I think it looks
great and I love that minty color I
think that looks awesome
it's accented somewhere in the shoe but
anyway guys let me know in the comments
what your list would be like the video
if you enjoyed it favourite it if you
really enjoyed it and subscribe for more
content like this thanks